hi welcome somebody scuba comm in this
session we're taking a look at the sea
life at mini - underwater digital camera
let's go ahead and take a closer look so
the mini 2 is a fantastic little compact
underwater digital camera all contained
within this rugged outer case got a max
depth up to 40 meters so more than
suitable for any kind of dive you're
gonna do there's also shockproof as well
so it's going to keep itself nicely
protected it's a 9 megapixel camera this
as well so got quite a fair few
megapixels in there for taking a decent
shot it's also got video capability in
here as well with sound so you can take
a standard definition video 480p and get
some nice video as well while you're on
your dive a phenomenally simple camera
to operate this so if you're new to
underwater photography this is
definitely one to take a look at the
setup we've got on here go a on on/off
button on the top there and also the
shutter button we have a fixed lens at
the front here but we do have three x
digital zoom built-in flash nice large
2.4 inch LCD screen on the back
therefore obviously viewing all your
shots and also taking the photos we've
got a mode switch button on the side
here for switching between landscape and
macro shots you've got the zoom button
the flash options and also node button
just below that as I said before very
simple operation as well we just turn it
on at the top it's nice large color
display obviously the displays the image
in the front if you want to switch
between these two modes as we mentioned
before you've got the landscape mode and
the macro mode actually just a case of
flicking that switch on the side so
sexually easy to use when you're
underwater obviously you switch to the
macro mode when you want to take
slightly more close-up detailed shots
you've got the zoom button on the other
side there as mentioned before as well
all rubberized on the front so really
nice and easy to use give this a couple
of pushes and it'll zoom in and out and
I see you've also got the flash options
there as well which you can cycle
through also the mode button at the
bottom mice live silver button this
switches between normal
photo mode and video mode no video
symbol just pops up in the corner there
you can also cycle through to view the
images that you've taken and also switch
between under water and land mode as
well
it's like phenomenally simple at the
bottom here we have the battery
compartment this is opened using a
little latch on the side little extra
bit of security just to prevent you
accidentally opening this wall under the
water this little red tab actually lifts
this the same gives you going to open up
the battery section inside here we have
a extra ring and so just gonna prevent
any water from getting inside obviously
damaging the camera we've got the
battery section on the side here would
you give this a push flicks open this
takes two triple A batteries inside here
main benefit of this if you're out on
the boat for the day or out doing a
couple dives just take a couple of extra
batteries with you there's no having to
worry about having to charge the camera
up halfway through the day as long as
you've got a good supply of those
batteries last quite a while
takes an SD card so that she just pops
in there if you're popping a standard 2
gigabyte SD card with the 9 megapixel
cameras will store up to around 500
photos and roughly about 80 minutes
worth of video also got a mounting point
at the bottom here as well so you can
attach an external strobe ciency do some
nice strobes as well so definitely take
a closer look at those I use that
off-camera also comes attached a good
lanyard good strong clip on the end as
well so you can test it soo BCD you also
get provided an SD card reader
transferring all your images onto your
PC or Mac a set of the triple-a
batteries an extra oring I want to see
for that battery section of the bottom
there we have eight flash mounting kits
I wish you a nice and easily attached
flash and also a little carry pouch and
cleaning brush as well so a really great
little entry level camera as we
mentioned before if you're new to
underwater photography definitely want
to take a look at CNC make some
fantastic products and the Mini 2 is no
exception so come take a closer look
here
simply scoobert and.com